.TH PKGADD 8 2004-01-09 "" "System Maintenance Manual"
.SH NAME
pkgadd \- Build and install software packages from source.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "pkgadd [ " options " ] " package " [ " "package ... "]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR Pkgadd " builds and installs packages in the order they are given on the"
.RI "command line. " Package " can be a package name, eg. `bash', or a package"
profile, eg. `bash.pkg'.

The knowledge of how to install a package is stored in profile files, normally
.RI "located in " /etc/pkg/profiles ". See below for more information."

.IR Pkgadd " automatically resolves dependencies between packages and prompts"
.RI "you to install them. Conflicting dependencies (ie. between " postfix
.RI "and " exim ") will not be detected. Dependencies must be set up by hand"
using the mechanism described in the reference package profile.

.SH OPTIONS
.BR -? ", " -h ", " --help
.RS
Display help screen.
.RE

.BR -f ", " --config
.I config file
.RS
Use alternate config file.
.RE

.BR -b ", " --build-only
.RS
Only build the package, do not install.

.RB "Note that " pkginstall " will complete the installation if this option is
used.
.RE

.BR -l ", " --leave-files
.RS
Do not delete temporary files (such as the build directory) after building.

.RI "This option is implied by " --build-only .

.SH PROFILE FORMAT
The format of the package profiles is described in detail in the reference
.RI "profile located by default in " /etc/pkg/profiles/REFERENCE.pkg .

.SH SPECIAL APPLICATION: SCRIPTED LFS BUILD
The profile format is powerful enough to allow for a completely scripted build
.RB "of a " "Linux From Scratch" " system. The distribution tarball already"
contains the necessary profiles, but one wants to adjust them for personal
preferences without a doubt.

.RI "The main profiles containing the build information are " lfs.pkg ,
.IR stage0.pkg " through "stage2.pkg ", " rootfs.pkg " and " users.pkg .

.SH FILES
.I /etc/pkg/prometheus.conf
.RS
The global configuration file.
.RE

.I /etc/pkg/profiles/*.pkg
.RS
The package profiles used to store information on packages and their
installation.
.RE

.I /var/log/install-logs/*.log
.RS
The package installation log files.
.RE

.I /var/log/install-logs/.vtab
.RS
Version database of installed packages.
.RE

.SH BUGS
None known. If you think you have found a bug or encounter any weird behaviour,
please report it to one of the addresses below.

.SH AUTHOR
.RB "-- Gareth Jones <" moderob@lineone.net >

.RB "-- Oliver Brakmann <" obrakmann@gmx.net >
 
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pkginstall (8),
.BR pkgrm (8),
.BR pkginfo (1),
.BR pkgget (1),
.BR install-log (1)
