.TH PKGINFO 1 2004-02-20 "" "Linux User's Manual"
.SH NAME
pkginfo \- Display information on installed and available software packages.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "pkginfo [ " options " ] [ " "package ... " ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Pkginfo
displays information on installed and available software packages. 
It gathers the information from the package profiles in
.IR /etc/pkg/profiles ", from the log files in" 
.IR /var/log/install-logs " and from the file system."

Various switches exist with which you can control the kind of information
.RB "that " pkginfo " presents. See below for details."

.RB "If there is none of those switches specified, " pkginfo " queries
.IR package " for the current version and date of last installation."
Multiple packages can be queried simultaenously this way.

.SH OPTIONS
.BR -? ", " -h ", " --help
.RS
Display help screen.
.RE

.BR -f ", " "--config "
.I  config file
.RS
Use alternate configuration file.
.RE

.BR -v ", " --verbose
.RS
This options modifies the output behaviour of the default query operation,
.RI "the " -a ", " -i ", " -d ", " -p " and " -w " options. See the"
description of these switches for details.
.RE

.BR -a ", " --query-all
.RS
List all, installed as well as available, packages. In verbose mode, using the
.IR --verbose " switch, print additional information such as homepage, package"
size and further information.
.RE

.BR -i ", " --query-installed
.RS
.RI "List only installed packages. In verbose mode, using the " --verbose
switch, print additional information such as homepage, package size and further
information.
.RE

.BR -d ", " --dependencies
.I package
.RS
.RI "Show the dependency list of " package ". In verbose mode, using the"
.IR --verbose " switch, print the full name and version of " package .
.RE

.BR -p ", " --patches
.I package
.RS
.RI "Shows which patches would be applied to " package " if it was to be"
installed now. This does _not_ show which patches are applied to the currently
.RI "installed version of " package ". In verbose mode, using the " --verbose
switch, print the patch header, too.
.RE

.BR -l ", " --list
.I package
.RS
.RI "List all files that have been installed by " package .
.RE

.BR -w ", " --which
.I file
.RS
.RI "Print the name of the package that " file " belongs to."
.IR file " may be either a relative or an absolute pathname."
.RI "In verbose mode, using the " --verbose " switch, print"
.RI "the full name and version of " package .
.RE

.SH FILES
.I /etc/pkg/prometheus.conf
.RS
The global configuration file.
.RE

.I /etc/pkg/profiles/*.pkg
.RS
The package profiles used to store information on packages and their
installation.
.RE

.I /var/log/install-logs/*.log
.RS
The package installation log files.
.RE

.I /var/log/install-logs/.vtab
.RS
Version database of installed packages.
.RE

.SH BUGS
.HP 3
-- Doing a query on all packages (ie. using the
.IR "-a" " or " "--query-all" " option)"
does only report on those packages for which there is a profile. If you install a
package and afterwards delete the corresponding profile file, it will only be
.RI "listed by the " "-i" " or the default query."
.HP 0

.SH AUTHOR
.RI "-- Oliver Brakmann <" obrakmann@gmx.net >

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pkgadd (8),
.BR pkginstall (8),
.BR pkgrm (8),
.BR pkgget (1),
.BR install-log (1)
