.TH PKGINSTALL 8 2004-01-09 "" "System Maintenance Manual"
.SH NAME
pkginstall \- Install software packages.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "pkginstall [ " options " ] " package " [ " " package ... " ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR Pkginstall " installs software packages in the order they are given on the"
.RI "command line. " Package " can be a package name, eg. `bash', or a package"
profile, eg. `bash.pkg'. Packages must have already been built, eg. with
.B pkgadd --build-only
.IR package .

.RB "Normally, you should use " pkgadd " to install a package, as " pkginstall
.RB "is mainly for use by other " prometheus " commands. " Pkgadd
.RB "will state when " pkginstall " should be called manually."

.SH OPTIONS
.BR -? ", " -h ", " --help
.RS
Display help screen.
.RE

.BR -f ", " --config
.I config file
.RS
Use alternate config file.
.RE

.SH FILES
.I /etc/pkg/prometheus.conf
.RS
The global configuration file.
.RE

.I /etc/pkg/profiles/*.pkg
.RS
The package profiles used to store information on packages and their
installation.
.RE

.I /var/log/install-logs/*.log
.RS
The package installation log files.
.RE

.I /var/log/install-logs/.vtab
.RS
Version database of installed packages.
.RE

.SH BUGS
None known. If you think you have found a bug or encounter any weird behaviour,
please report it to one of the addresses below.

.SH AUTHOR
.RI "-- Gareth Jones <" gareth_jones@users.berlios.de >

.RI "-- Oliver Brakmann <" obrakmann@gmx.net >

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pkgadd (8),
.BR pkgrm (8),
.BR pkginfo (1),
.BR pkgget (1),
.BR install-log (1)
