.TH PKGRM 8 2004-01-09 "" "System Maintenance Manual"
.SH NAME
pkgrm \- Remove packages

.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "pkgrm [ " options " ] " package " [ " " package ... " ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR Pkgrm " removes installed packages from a system. It uses the " install-log
log files to determine which files belong to a package. Even though those
.RB "log files list only installed files, " pkgrm " also deletes any directories
that a package installed files in and that became empty after their removal.
Non-empty directories are kept.

.SH OPTIONS
.BR -? ", " -h ", " --help
.RS
Display help screen.
.RE

.BR -f ", " "--config "
.I  config file
.RS
Use alternate configuration file.
.RE

.BR -b ", " "--backup "
.I "backup dir"
.RS
.RI "Backup package in " "backup dir" " before removal. The files will be saved
in a bzip2-compressed tarball.

Without this option, NO BACKUP IS PERFORMED. Also, BE EXTRA CAREFUL to ensure
that no other package DEPENDS ON the package you want to remove.
.RE

.SH FILES
.I /etc/pkg/prometheus.conf
.RS
The global configuration file.
.RE

.I /etc/pkg/profiles/*.pkg
.RS
The package profiles used to store information on packages and their
installation.
.RE

.I /var/log/install-logs/*.log
.RS
The package installation log files.
.RE

.I /var/log/install-logs/.vtab
.RS
Version database of installed packages.
.RE

.SH BUGS AND LIMITATIONS
.HP 3
.RI "-- Depending on the way you set up your " install-log.rc " file, "
.BR pkgrm " may not delete files that were installed in"
.IR /etc ", " /var " or user home directories. Since files within those
hierarchies change frequently, it is not advisable to include those directories
.RI "in the " install-log.rc " file. This is on the one hand a serious
limitation of this package management mechanism, on the other hand it allows you
to keep a package's configuration even after it is removed and possibly saves
you the hassle of reconfiguration should you decide to reinstall the package.
.HP 0

.SH AUTHOR
.RI "-- Oliver Brakmann <" obrakmann@gmx.net >

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pkgadd (8),
.BR pkginstall (8),
.BR pkginfo (1),
.BR pkgget (1),
.BR install-log (1)
